c:\users\администратор\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\bin\EmployeesWeb.dll.config
c:\users\администратор\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\bin\EmployeesWeb.dll
c:\users\администратор\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\bin\EmployeesWeb.pdb
c:\users\администратор\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\bin\EntityFramework.dll
c:\users\администратор\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
c:\users\администратор\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
c:\users\администратор\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\bin\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.dll
c:\users\администратор\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\bin\Microsoft.Data.Services.dll
c:\users\администратор\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\bin\System.Spatial.dll
c:\users\администратор\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\bin\EntityFramework.xml
c:\users\администратор\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
c:\users\администратор\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
c:\users\администратор\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\bin\Microsoft.Data.Services.xml
c:\users\администратор\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\bin\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.xml
c:\users\администратор\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\bin\System.Spatial.xml
c:\users\администратор\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\bin\ru\EntityFramework.resources.dll
c:\users\администратор\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\администратор\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\администратор\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\администратор\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\администратор\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\администратор\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\администратор\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\администратор\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\администратор\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
c:\users\администратор\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\администратор\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\администратор\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\администратор\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\администратор\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\администратор\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\администратор\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\администратор\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\администратор\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
c:\users\администратор\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Services.resources.dll
c:\users\администратор\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Services.resources.dll
c:\users\администратор\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Services.resources.dll
c:\users\администратор\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Services.resources.dll
c:\users\администратор\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Services.resources.dll
c:\users\администратор\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Services.resources.dll
c:\users\администратор\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Services.resources.dll
c:\users\администратор\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Services.resources.dll
c:\users\администратор\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Services.resources.dll
c:\users\администратор\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\администратор\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\администратор\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\администратор\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\администратор\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\администратор\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\администратор\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\администратор\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\администратор\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
c:\users\администратор\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\bin\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\администратор\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\bin\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\администратор\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\bin\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\администратор\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\bin\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\администратор\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\bin\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\администратор\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\bin\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\администратор\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\bin\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\администратор\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\bin\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\администратор\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\bin\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
c:\users\администратор\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\obj\Debug\EmployeesWeb.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
c:\users\администратор\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\obj\Debug\EmployeesWeb.dll
c:\users\администратор\documents\visual studio 2013\Projects\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\obj\Debug\EmployeesWeb.pdb
C:\Users\Администратор\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\bin\EmployeesWeb.dll.config
C:\Users\Администратор\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\bin\EmployeesWeb.dll
C:\Users\Администратор\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\bin\EmployeesWeb.pdb
C:\Users\Администратор\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\bin\EntityFramework.dll
C:\Users\Администратор\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.dll
C:\Users\Администратор\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.dll
C:\Users\Администратор\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\bin\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.dll
C:\Users\Администратор\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\bin\Microsoft.Data.Services.dll
C:\Users\Администратор\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\bin\System.Spatial.dll
C:\Users\Администратор\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\bin\EntityFramework.xml
C:\Users\Администратор\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\bin\Microsoft.Data.Edm.xml
C:\Users\Администратор\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\bin\Microsoft.Data.OData.xml
C:\Users\Администратор\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\bin\Microsoft.Data.Services.xml
C:\Users\Администратор\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\bin\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.xml
C:\Users\Администратор\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\bin\System.Spatial.xml
C:\Users\Администратор\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\bin\ru\EntityFramework.resources.dll
C:\Users\Администратор\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Администратор\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Администратор\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Администратор\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Администратор\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Администратор\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Администратор\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Администратор\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Администратор\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Edm.resources.dll
C:\Users\Администратор\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Администратор\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Администратор\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Администратор\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Администратор\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Администратор\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Администратор\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Администратор\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Администратор\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.OData.resources.dll
C:\Users\Администратор\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Services.resources.dll
C:\Users\Администратор\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Services.resources.dll
C:\Users\Администратор\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Services.resources.dll
C:\Users\Администратор\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Services.resources.dll
C:\Users\Администратор\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Services.resources.dll
C:\Users\Администратор\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Services.resources.dll
C:\Users\Администратор\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Services.resources.dll
C:\Users\Администратор\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Services.resources.dll
C:\Users\Администратор\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Services.resources.dll
C:\Users\Администратор\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\bin\de\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\Администратор\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\bin\es\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\Администратор\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\bin\fr\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\Администратор\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\bin\it\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\Администратор\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\bin\ja\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\Администратор\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\bin\ko\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\Администратор\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\bin\ru\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\Администратор\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\bin\zh-Hans\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\Администратор\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\bin\zh-Hant\Microsoft.Data.Services.Client.resources.dll
C:\Users\Администратор\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\bin\de\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Администратор\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\bin\es\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Администратор\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\bin\fr\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Администратор\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\bin\it\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Администратор\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\bin\ja\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Администратор\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\bin\ko\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Администратор\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\bin\ru\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Администратор\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\bin\zh-Hans\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Администратор\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\bin\zh-Hant\System.Spatial.resources.dll
C:\Users\Администратор\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\obj\Debug\EmployeesWeb.csprojResolveAssemblyReference.cache
C:\Users\Администратор\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\obj\Debug\EmployeesWeb.dll
C:\Users\Администратор\Documents\Visual Studio 2013\Projects\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\EmployeesWeb\obj\Debug\EmployeesWeb.pdb
